c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.exe.config
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.exe
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.pdb
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\obj\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.exe
c:\users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\obj\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.pdb
C:\Users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
C:\Users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Topshelf.pdb
C:\Users\vyunev\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Topshelf.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.exe.config
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\obj\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.exe
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\obj\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.pdb
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.exe
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.pdb
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Topshelf.pdb
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\bin\Debug\Topshelf.xml
D:\Примеры\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\WebApiSelfhosting\obj\Debug\WebApiSelfhosting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
